Create cmake-naming.md (#18)
0xc0170/mbed-os: cmake-naming.md

> ## CMake targets for Mbed "targets"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CMake targets for Mbed targets
```

> ### targets.json naming scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Target configuration file naming scheme

Default attributes of Mbed targets are defined in `targets/targets.json`, these include the name of the target.
```

> - `MCU_STM32L4` - base target
> - `DISCO_L4R9I` - final target - a user board or could be custom target, inherits from MCU_  target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed targets usually inherit their properties from a "base" target which represents a family of targets that share similar properties. For example the `DISCO_L4R9I` Mbed board has the `MCU_STM32L4` as its base target.
```

> The targets.json properties use capital letters with underscore but not the our config. Probably to distinguish these from other regular directories (the initial Mbed SDK had it this way).

Reviewer: > The targets.json properties use capital letters with underscore but not the our config.

Can you give an example? I am not sure what you mean here.

Author: ```
        "overrides": {
            "tickless-from-us-ticker": true,
            "init-us-ticker-at-boot": true
        },
```

> ### CMake naming scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CMake target naming scheme
```

> All Mbed OS CMake targets are prefixed with `mbed-` to avoid clashes with user's targets (out of the tree targets): `mbed-ble`, `mbed-nanostack`.

Reviewer: > (out of the tree targets)

I am not sure what this means.

> : `mbed-ble`, `mbed-nanostack`.

Why are these CMake targets listed?

Author: custom targets (out of Mbed OS code base)

mbed-ble is as an example for naming we have currently

> Mbed OS targets should follow the same scheme in CMake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed targets should follow the same scheme in CMake. For example the `DISCO_L4R9I` Mbed board should have a CMake target named `mbed-target-stm32-disco-l4r9i` with a dependency on a `mbed-target-stm32-mcu-stm32l4` base CMake target.
```

- `mbed-target-stm32-mcu-stm32l4` - base target
- `mbed-target-stm32-disco-l4r9i` - final target - a user board or could be custom target, inherits from MCU_  target

> If we are not consistent with naming, we would have targets different named than the rest of the tree in Mbed OS and potentionally also in the user space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consistency in naming is a must to avoid having CMake targets with names different than the rest of the Mbed OS repository tree and in the user space.
```

> To consider how this looks with the package manager - the namespacing packages is a good thing (we had it in yotta). We should add `mbed`, `target` and `vendor` at least to the CMake target.

Reviewer: > To consider how this looks with the package manager - the namespacing packages is a good thing. We should > add `mbed`, `target` and `vendor` at least to the CMake target.

I removed the Yotta reference because not everyone knows it and it does not really add much.
Also I do not understand what the whole sentence is saying.

Author: ok, will remove. 

The refernce to yotta was that we had this issue with namespacing already, we will hit it here as well.

> We will refactor targets directories once the old tools are gone. It will help us to reduce the paths in Mbed OS drastically. This will be our chance to also rename directories, not following the old scheme (if we decide it's a good change to apply the new scheme to targets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will refactor targets directories once the old tools are gone. It will drastically reduce the path lengths in Mbed OS. It will also provide an opportunity to rename directories without following the old naming scheme. For example, `targets/TARGET_STM32/TARGET_STM32L4/TARGET_MCU_STM32L4` could be become `targets/stm32/stm32l4/mcu-stm32l4`. 
```

> (if we decide it's a good change to apply the new scheme to targets).

I do not understand what this means.

Author: I'll remove that (if we.... )

> An example what we can actually do with renaming:
> 
> `targets/TARGET_STM32/TARGET_STM32L4/TARGET_MCU_STM32L4` could be changed to `targets/stm32/stm32l4/mcu-stm32l4`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This allows us to get rid of the name equals directory structure (our tools are not enforcing it anymore). We do not need stm32l4 in the name just because there is a directory in the tree. We can create more logical target structure.

Reviewer: > This allows us to get rid of the name equals directory structure (our tools are not enforcing it anymore). We do not need stm32l4 in the name just because there is a directory in the tree. We can create more logical target structure.

I do not understand these sentences.

Author: Making a point about targets.json actually forces us to have specific dir structure. We want to get rid of it. but that is not important here. I'll remove

#### Targets translation

> targets.json keeps its naming scheme. I do not think we are at the stage to refactor it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `targets.json` configuration file keeps its naming scheme. I do not think we are at the stage to refactor it.
```

> I do not think we are at the stage to refactor it.

Why?

Author: I am referring to targets.json file, refactoring it would be a tremendous effort to rename targets, restructure them etc. I am not certain if we want to do this with CMake change , maybe later?

>  What we can do however is to keep our CMake naming in `targets` folder.

Reviewer: > What we can do however is to keep our CMake naming in `targets` folder.

I do not understand this sentence.

Author: I'll remove

>  We provide in CMake the translation from targets.json to cmake targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The CMake input files map the Mbed target names used in `targets.json` to the directories in the Mbed OS repository.
```
